what's up guys my name is Bryson welcome
to price games today we're gonna be
playing Yan dare simulator so let's get
started
alright so this game is about a girl who
wants senpai to notice there's so much
that she's decided to kill everyone else
in the entire school so that simp I has
to notice her so what could possibly go
wrong I mean that's that's a pretty
normal thing to do for senpai I mean am
i right am i right keep in mind that
this is a super early version of the
game so there are a lot of features and
stuff that haven't been implemented yet
but this game still look like it'd be a
lot of fun so I thought I'd make a video
out of it so let's just hop right in
alright so welcome to my room as you can
see I can change my underwear which is
super great I've got a senpai shrine uh
with his toothbrush this is a toothbrush
that I stole from some PI's home
brushing my teeth with it is a wonderful
feeling oh that's okay this is a
band-aid if I throw away some of his
delicious blood is still on it what the
heck is wrong with this girl
this is an apple that simple I took a
bite out of licking the teeth marks is
so much fun what the heck is wrong with
this girl
I mean I guess I guess she really loves
sampai alright so here I am at school
it's time to make senpai notice us so
let's go see senpai I think I think he's
the one standing right over here
hi senpai hi how are you I I just oh I'm
sorry
I'm sorry I guess um sometimes I just I
just get a little shy around some pie
I mean he's just he's just so great I
mean justjust look at him look how
amazing some pie is I just I just I just
don't know how to act around him oh man
that was a I take a picture of senpai
here don't mind me senpai I'm not taking
a picture of you I'm gonna I'm gonna
save this okay
I'll save it for later goodbye senpai Oh
oh man I hope senpai noticed me I hope
you didn't notice that I took a picture
of him though alright so as you can see
I have all these lovely weapons over
here and I need to get rid of the
competition so that simp I notices me
cuz I am I'm obviously the perfect
person for sent by so let's let's see
what we have here we got a screwdriver
I'll take that that'll be fun um let's
see all I can hold for things and let's
get the syringe that'd be nice and maybe
a katana a katana is nice who wouldn't
wouldn't want to have a katana don't
mind me just totally running around with
a katana uh what are you doing do you
mind that I have a katana no she's just
okay with it ah my katana I don't think
she could actually do anything to this
one I think she might just be a
placeholder oh well um that can sampai
look at my cool katana oh I'm sorry I'm
sorry I guess I guess I dropped Droid oh
no no I'm so embarrassed okay so I guess
when you're by stem boy you drop your
weapon so that's that's kind of
interesting
all right so let's make sure these girls
all know that senpai is mine oh you're
standing next to senpai his locker why
why would you stand backs to senpai his
locker what are you doing you didn't see
anything other girl totally not walking
away with the body that's what you get
for standing next to senpai his locker
what I bet you thought he would notice
you didn't you you thought he would
notice you get notice you when you're
dead now can II haha alright senpai is
gonna be mine he's gonna be so happy
here I'll take a picture so that some
PI's know what's what I did there we go
senpai senpai I guess what I did alright
don't mind me just gonna put your body
in this in this little chest thing
goodbye what am i protective serrated
the body let's get a nice new fresh set
of clothes and just leave that that did
not just happen
that did not just happen there's no
evidence they'll never know what I did
they will never know up okay I guess
it's time to go to class I would be a
shame if something happened to you guys
while you're going to class oh this is
Samwise classroom this is why are you
going to sample his classroom what are
you doing why would you go to someplace
classroom what did you think you would
notice you in there
she keeps and finds never gonna notice
you I could just leave you here no it's
no one's ever gonna come down here oh
man Saif is gonna love me so much I
can't wait for her to know what I did
okay let's let's go find another girl oh
hi how are you oh you're Simba's
neighbor why would you live next to
senpai did you think you wouldn't notice
you
close to him he's not gonna notice you
know oh did you did you think you saw
something did you think you saw
something I don't think you saw anything
you didn't see anything Cree hair girl
Oh
semis never gonna know anything she's
never gonna see another girl it'll be
forced to love me forever it's just
gonna it's gonna be so great but I
should probably go to class class is
important
studying is good you need to study kids
oh man I'm twitching a little bit why am
i why am i twitching oh I guess I'm
going a little bit sane don't mind me
totally not going insane in the middle
of the hallway hi there I'm just I'm
just chilling you know what's what's
wrong is that blood
oh no I I might have accidentally done
something Oh somebody's gonna love me so
much this is the best this is the
greatest lunch I've ever had
oh man I think I killed everyone I think
I killed everyone awesome boys gonna be
so happy when he knows that I did it's
gonna love me forever
bye awesome bye alright so now that
every other girl is dead let's go see
senpai I'm sure I'm she'll be glad to
know that everyone else is gone
oh hi there's some pie um I just I just
wanted to let you know that um every
every other girl transferred and I I'm
now I'm now the only girl in school that
for totally totally no reason so I guess
I guess we'll have to be
boyfriend-girlfriend oh no that's so
weird right oh oh this blood on my shirt
oh I just I cut myself shaving
I just wanted to make sure my legs were
silky smooth for senpai and it's totally
not the blood of my enemies and other
girls know about that that's a that's a
ridiculous thought senpai so I'm just
and just and just happy happy to be here
with you senpai
just I'm just so happy I'm just so happy
all right well I guess everyone is dead
now so senpai and I are going to live
happily ever after because he has no one
else to go to so it's gonna be the best
love story of all time all right guys
well that has been yeah entire simulator
hopefully you guys enjoyed the game if
you did make sure you give this video
like it really does help me out a lot if
you guys want to try out the game I'll
leave a link to it in the description
below keep in mind that this is a super
early version of the game so they're
still adding a lot of features and stuff
so if you guys want to see me try out
the new features when they come out make
sure you let me know in the comments
below but anyway thank you guys so much
for watching if you guys are new to the
channel make sure you hit that subscribe
button and we'll see you all in the next
video